Okay, well, so good to be together this morning.
So good to celebrate together this morning.
I really am very and online.
And true confession, I'm a big Blue Jay fan.
And so I went to bed and I was like, man, I'm kind of bummed about the Blue Jays.
There's part of me was like, man, I'm kind of bummed about the Blue Jays.
But then I thought to myself, well, man, tomorrow I get to celebrate something even bigger than the Blue Jays.
All that God has done with our four of them initiative.
And talk about what it's going to mean to bring it home in the next eight weeks.
And this is something we can actually bring home.
And so I'm really excited to share with you today.
If you weren't with us 18 months ago, we kicked off a brand new initiative called for them.
And we thought, man, what would it mean to reach more people across
Simcoe County and we said man because there are so many people who matter to us in fact This is why we started this church if you don't know that we we started Connects us to search for and celebrate people being found by Jesus and we saw what if we spent the next 20 months this was 18 months ago the next 20 months Making more space for them in our hearts making more space for them in our facilities.
What might that be?
look like.
And the focus of it was Luke 15, which has kind of turned out to be a theme chapter for our church for the whole year.
And it says this in one part of it.
Jesus talks about a lost sheep, a lost coin, a lost son.
And then he says, count on it.
There's more joy in heaven over one sinner's rescued life than over 99 good people in need of no rescue.
And this is Winston, who was baptized recently.
Another picture of someone
whose life was rescued, someone who found Jesus, someone who would say, hey, my life has been changed over the course of the last year.
And we have seen this time and time again.
I mean, how about Katie's story today?
Can we thank Katie?
Yeah, we're so excited.
We're so excited for what God has done in her life.
And one of the places we said, hey, we want to create more space.
was at our Aurelia facility.
We opened a brand new facility in Aurelia a year ago, and we did a Hello Aurelia initiative with it.
And I don't know if you caught that in her story, but she says this, she says, but then all of a sudden I started getting cards left at my door that said, Hello Aurelia.
And I remember sitting on my couch thinking, Katie, this is a sign you need to go to church.
And over the course for them, as we open that facility, we have volunteers,
who would hand out thousands of flyers, go to different neighborhoods again and again and again, saying, man, we want to invite everybody in a room to come and everyone to have an opportunity to meet Jesus.
And Winston's story and Katie's story are just two examples of so many stories.
In fact, I often say to people, I wish you had the opportunity to sit in my seat to hear all of the stories that I get to hear, and I don't even hear all of them,
But my goal today is to share a couple of those with you.
And my goal today is for you to see the difference that you're making.
That if you're a part of making for them happen, if you financially invested in for them, lives are being changed.
People are meeting Jesus.
It's been incredible to see what has happened so far.
And I wanna give you a glimpse of this today.
And then I wanna give you an update on kind of what's coming for the next eight weeks.
and then give you an update kind of on what's coming next year.
And all of this is something that you're making possible for God to work.
And so if you have invested in the for them initiative financially, I just want to say thank you.
Thank you for your generosity.
Man, God's writing so many stories because of your generosity.
Generosity turned into transformation.
It really is amazing.
Now, if you remember,
Our goal at the beginning of four then, we said, man, everyone matters there.
450,000 people across Simcoe County, and I always put a dot below and above, because I know some people come from both ends of the county as well.
450,000 plus people, and only 4% of them would find themselves in church on a Sunday morning.
And we want to change that.
It's that simple.
We want to change that.
We want to see more people meet Jesus.
More people's lives changed by Jesus.
More of these people found the hope that many of us have found.
And the thing about this number is it's not just a number.
It's not a number you just put on the wall somewhere and you say, well, that's our goal.
It's our corporate goal.
It's not like that at all.
It's not just a mission.
It's something personal because here throughout Simcoe County are people you know and people I know.
It's your neighbors.
It's your friends.
It's the people who live down the street from you.
It's the people where you shop.
It's your colleagues.
It's all of these people.
It's your kids.
It's your parents.
I mean, these are real people and every one of these people matter.
And we said, man, what would it mean if we said, let's invest in reaching more of those people?
What if we really had the heartbeat that Jesus had?
When he said, man, I left the 99 sheep to go after the one.
And how have we done so far?
What does this look like?
What has happened in 18 months?
And men, Katie's stories happen, Winston's stories happen, so many stories have happened.
But to just kind of give you an overarching glimpse of what happened, you're not going to believe this.
It has been an unbelievable 18 months.
And here's what you've been a part of.
Here's what you've helped make happen.
You've been a part of seeing our real location increase by 49% in weekly attendance.
That is a ton of people.
Absolutely.
And many of you who are seeing me right now in a real year, you weren't here 18 months ago.
You weren't with us 18 months ago.
Your life has been changed.
Your life has been transformed.
Many of you have met Jesus.
Some of you are on the journey.
You're asking questions.
sure you believe.
And that's awesome.
We're really, really glad you're here.
And we've, you've been a part of growing by 31% overall in weekly attendance across Kinexis.
I mean, here's the thing.
When we opened the facility in Aurelia, what we weren't prepared for was that the growth would increase in berry, that we are already growing and we just started growing faster.
And so it's been amazing to see friends and family and neighbors invited and exploring and asking questions.
And
When it comes to transformation and people are on the journey, we've seen a lot of that too.
Here's what you've been a part of.
You've been a part of baptizing 95 people in the last 18 months as followers of Jesus.
20 of them got baptized last Friday, which was amazing.
Yeah, absolutely.
Okay, well, after today it's 96, actually 96, thanks to Katie today, so that's even better.
And then you've been a part of hosting 525 spiritually curious adults at Alpha.
Alpha is an environment for people who have questions about faith, who will ask them questions of the Bible and want to explore who Jesus is.
And in 18 months, 525
people.
In fact, the one that we currently have 190 people in Alpha, crossbarium, and they kept texting me saying, we're going to have to move to a different room.
We're going to have to move to a different room.
And now they're running them in the auditorium just to make space for everybody, which is incredible to see.
People searching, people asking questions, people saying, hey, show me what the Bible means.
I've got questions about Jesus.
How is this relevant to my life?
How do I know this is real?
We kind of look at a couple of high water mark Sundays, like we'll look at things like Christmas Eve or Easter to kind of say, hey, how wide are we reaching?
How many people are we actually having the opportunity to share the hope of Jesus with?
And I just want to give you a glimpse of that.
You've been a part of welcoming 3,955 first time guests in the last 18 months, almost 4,000 people who walked through the door.
Yeah.
And hosting
3,251 people at Christmas Eve and about 3,600 people on Easter weekend.
And so it's been amazing to see these are opportunities for people to hear the hope of Jesus.
But the thing, we look at those and it's important that we look at them because every single number matters.
That's why you need numbers.
You need numbers because every single person matters.
But they are actual people.
In every one of them, they're people.
They matter to you.
And they mattered to us.
That the people that matter to you mattered to us.
The neighbor you're praying for, the parent you're praying for, the kid you're praying for, the colleague you're praying for.
They mattered to us.
And they mattered to all of us in the rooms that we're sitting in right now.
And most of all, they mattered to God.
And he sees them.
And as we're kind of looking a little bit at story today, I wanted to show you one more story because sometimes
It's important to hear a story that we get real close up and really get to see what happened in someone's life.
And today, I want you to see Nikki and Taylor's story.
Nikki and Taylor have recently, have been attending in the last year, are a really a location.
And there was no really a location when we were in the movie theater before, but since we've opened that location, we met Katie who you met this morning, and we've also met Nikki and Taylor.
And I want to give you a chance to get up close.
and just hear their story.
Check this out.
Hi, my name's Taylor, and this is my gorgeous wife, Nikki.
We've been married for about eight years, and we have two beautiful kids, Leila and Benny.
Leila is almost seven, Benny is three.
We landed here in Aurelio when we bought our first house, and we've lived up here for
about almost seven years.
Before we ended up at Connectsys, we actually were faced with a great deal of loss.
We lost Taylor's grandparents kind of back to back within about six months of each other.
And I had a really close friend actually commit suicide.
We felt kind of lost and like we just didn't really know where to go and who to turn to.
We have great family and friends, but it just felt like we were kind of missing something.
My grandparents had passed away
And I felt like with my family, I kind of had to be strong enough for everyone.
And I didn't really get to process the loss.
I never grew up going to church.
So this was all very new to me.
We had kind of spoke a little bit about it.
And then Layla kind of was also asking some questions.
We would drive past a cemetery that she would ask, you know, what is that?
And we would explain it.
And then she would ask, can we go to heaven to see these people?
And to be honest, like,
I didn't know how to answer it.
We both didn't know how.
Yes.
We had seen the flags at the theater a bunch of times driving to Costco.
I had heard about Conexis and Barry.
I think I looked it up and you were just about to move to Four King.
And so we decided to wait until the first opening at Four King.
For the first Sunday coming, I didn't know what to expect.
I'm not really one to dress up.
So I didn't want to have to not be myself.
I didn't want to put on a suit and a tie.
That's not me on the day today, and I don't want to have to sell myself to people, essentially, I didn't even know.
As soon as we came in for the first time, everyone just made you feel so welcome.
Instead of saying nice to meet you, it was nice to see you.
I felt literally like I knew everyone for years within 30 seconds of talking to them.
We really related to the first service.
It just felt like at that time, we needed to hear that message.
And for me, that was enough of a sign to be like, we're supposed to be here.
I remember we left and we were like, whoa, that was made for us.
And so we came back the next time.
And I remember Christine remembering our names.
And I was like, whoa, that's huge.
It's crazy that she remembers our names.
our lives have been changed by Kinexis and so I can't thank anyone who helped this open up more than I can.
I used to be very anxious, one of the most anxious people.
And I have really combated that and have found some peace in my life and that's been huge.
I had a guy at work actually telling me the other day.
He said that he could tell that I was doing more than just attending on a Sunday.
And I was like, like, what do you mean by that?
The way that you carry yourself and the way this how calm you are and how you conduct yourself on hard situations.
I just think that by following some of the stuff in scripture, it just
makes you want to be better and be the best that you can.
I recently got baptized and I help with Alpha as a host or a helper.
I help out on Sundays with the E team out in the parking lot.
I am a captain when I'm outside.
The boys and I, we just have fun.
Thank you to anyone that made this building happen.
I don't know if we would have gotten to the theater
I don't know if that would have been our spot, knowing that this building was opening and it was right at the perfect time for us.
This facility was just so, so nice to walk into.
You could tell that people had put like a lot of hard work into making it what it is.
So for anyone, I would just say thank you for that, for giving us a spot, a church to call home.
So good.
And we appreciate Nikki and Taylor sharing their story.
And man, I just want to say thank you.
I'm just doing my very, very best in the short time.
I have to say, you have made a huge difference if you've chosen to be a part of this.
And we're so, so blown away.
The other thing that's happened over the last 18 months, that we talked about at the beginning.
But we've seen just grow exponentially.
is how hungry people are.
How hungry people are for hope.
People like Nikki and Taylor who we saw today, how hungry they are to know more of Jesus.
And we've seen people who have come to the front here, I would Sunday after Sunday saying, I want a Bible, I want to read a Bible.
I've got questions about the Bible.
There are so many Sundays
where I meet people and they say, hey, show me how to read it.
What does it look like?
Where do I start?
Where do I begin?
What does this look like for me?
And it really has been blown me away how over the course of the last 18 months, over the course of the last 18 months, I think our neighbors, I know our neighbors, our friends, the people around us are hungrier for hope than they've ever been before.
It really is true.
And I can't tell you how many people I meet who would say, actually invited somebody to church the other day.
And you know what they said to me?
I've always wanted to go, but nobody ever invited me.
It's not that they're not interested.
It's that they don't think they're welcome.
And the question is, what if we were the kind of people who invited them?
And what does it look like?
How do we respond in a culture that's hungry for the hope of Jesus?
Because the people around us are hungry than I've ever
seen before it is an unbelievable time to be in ministry.
And what I want to do today is I want to look very briefly at Acts 8.
And in Acts 8, we're going to say, we're going to see an opportunity that somebody has to interact with someone who is spiritually hungry.
And when we see them interact, it's actually going to create a model for us.
It's going to help us to understand and inspire us
What does it mean for us to continue to be for them in a hungry culture, a spiritually hungry culture?
And this is what happens in Acts chapter eight, verse 26.
It says, as for Philip, an angel of the Lord said to him, goes south down the desert road that runs from Jerusalem to Gaza.
So Philip is out there preaching and all of a sudden he'd get this angel, Lord shows up and says, you gotta go down this road from Jerusalem to Gaza and says, so Philip started out
And he met the treasurer of Ethiopia, a eunuch of great authority under Candake, the queen of Ethiopia.
Now, if you don't know what a eunuch is, many of you will, but if you don't know, usually castrated as a child.
And a eunuch was somebody who would be brought into your kingdom, in your home, into your government, because you would trust them, because there was someone who wouldn't end up kind of
cheating with one of your wives or having a child with one of your wives.
It was somebody that you could trust.
They wouldn't be building their own kingdom because they don't have any family to hand it to.
And so you would trust a eunuch.
So that's why you see it's a eunuch of great authority.
And it said the eunuch had gone down to Jerusalem to worship and he was now returning.
Now the interesting thing is this eunuch
goes down, he's not Jewish, but he goes to Jerusalem, and he wants to worship there, and he's not gonna be welcome in the temple because he's a eunuch.
On one hand, he has all of this authority.
On the other hand, he's a total outcast.
They wouldn't let him into the inner part of the temple.
He would have to stay outside, but still he went.
And it says, seated in his carriage, he was a reading aloud from the book of the prophet Isaiah.
This guy's actually reading scripture.
in his carriage as he's riding.
And it says, the Holy Spirit said to Philip, go over and walk along beside the carriage.
How do we continue to engage a culture that's hungry for Jesus?
We listen to the Holy Spirit.
If you're part of sacred homecoming, that was part of what it was all about.
That we need to be the kind of people, the kind of church that's made up of people who listen to the Holy Spirit.
When they go to their workplace, when they're sitting on the sidelines watching their kid play sports, when they're interacting with their neighbor, and they're listening to the Holy Spirit, who would you have me speak to?
Who would you have me share with?
Who would you have me invite to church?
You have me sit down with and walk alongside with, who do you want me to get in the corner of?
We need to be those kinds of people, because it's not that people aren't spiritually hungry.
Often, it's that the Christians aren't spiritually aware.
And what would it mean for you?
And I had to say, come Holy Spirit, show me every day what it means.
What does it mean for us as a church?
We want to continue to lean into the power of the Holy Spirit.
This is in Philip after hearing the Holy Spirit ran over and he hears the man reading from the prophet Isaiah.
He says, man, I hear you reading the Bible.
I hear you trying to figure it out.
This is our culture right now.
People are seeing like the sales of Bibles right now.
It's unreal how many Bibles are selling on Amazon.
And the number of Bibles that we're giving away, the number of people who are curious, the number of people who are like, I had somebody say, I came to Jesus on TikTok.
You know, I was on there and they were talking about the Bible and I started leaning in, I started watching more videos and meant it's a time when people are hungry and we need to continue to look for people who are seeking and searching.
And you see here he says, Philip sits, sits a long time says, do you understand what you're reading?
Now, the interesting thing about Philip is he's just walking on the road.
This guy goes by, he's reading scripture, and Philip could say, well, you know what?
I'm busy.
You know what?
I'm actually going to a different place.
I'm actually going to where God called me down from Gaza, Jerusalem.
I'm going down this way.
I'm on this road.
I don't have the time for this.
But that's not what Philip does.
He says, you know, I'm going to make the time that the Holy Spirit says is an opportunity here.
The Holy Spirit says there's somebody who's searching here.
There's somebody who's asking questions here.
How do we continue to be for them in a culture when people are hungry?
We make time.
We make time for people who are looking for hope.
That's what we're doing when it comes to Alpha.
That's what we're doing when it comes to Sunday morning.
We're continuing to make time for people to come and say, hey, you can belong.
Even if you aren't sure you believe yet, come ask your questions.
Come along with me to church.
Like, I know I don't normally get up for the nine o'clock service, but I will for you.
I'm gonna make time for you.
Let's go together.
And this is this demand replied.
How can I unless someone instructs me?
How can I understand this Bible unless someone teaches it to me?
And so we urge Philip to come up into the carriage and to sit with him.
Come sit alongside me.
Come sit alongside me and show me.
Come sit alongside me and answer my questions.
Come sit alongside me and show me what the Bible means.
Come sit alongside me and help me understand what it is to follow him.
in a country in an area where we live in our neighborhoods where people are hungry, we make room.
We make room to sit with people who are asking questions.
We wanna make room in our services.
We wanna make room in Alpha.
We wanna make room in our small groups.
We wanna make room in our lives to sit with people who are asking questions and say, hey, let's have a conversation about faith.
Let's have a conversation about who Jesus is.
And it says, the passage of scripture that Eunuch had been reading was this.
And he's reading out of Isaiah and it says, he was led like a sheep to the slaughter.
And as a lamb is silent before the shearers, he did not open his mouth.
This is a prophecy, hundreds of years before Jesus even came about his death on the cross.
And then it says this, he was humiliated and received no justice.
Who can speak of his descendants?
for his life was taken from the earth.
It's so interesting that you have this eunuch who's so interested in this passage.
Why?
Because he was humiliated.
He received no justice.
And he was one who had no descendants to speak of.
And he's engrossed in this passage of scripture.
This is speaking right to me, he says, for his life was taken from the earth.
And Philip is sitting alongside the eunuch.
He's made time.
He's made room in his life.
He's listening to Holy Spirit.
And it says, the eunuch asked Philip, tell me, was the prophet talking about himself?
Or was he talking about someone else?
Who was he talking about?
And so beginning with this same scripture, Philip told him the good news about Jesus.
The word gospel is another word for good news.
He met him right where he was at.
He made time.
He made space.
They opened the Bible together.
And he made the good news of Jesus accessible to his new friend.
And that's what we want to do.
We want to make the gospel accessible to everyone we can.
The truth of the gospel doesn't change.
But man, we're so well positioned to share it with our entire community.
We're so well positioned online.
We're so well positioned in our rooms and we wanna continue to position ourselves to continue to share the hope of Jesus with so many people.
And then it happens.
It says, as they wrote along, they came to some water and the eunuch said, look, there's some water.
Why can't I be baptized?
And he ordered the carriage to stop and they went down into the water
and Philip baptized him.
Right in the carriage, the light bulb goes on for this guy.
It's the moment that we as a church live for.
The moment someone goes from wanting to see Jesus to the realization that Jesus already sees them, that he's seen them all along, and he desperately wants to have a relationship with him.
And he's so excited about it.
He's like, just, just baptize me right there in that dirty river or wherever that puddle is.
Like, let's do it.
His life has been radically changed because somebody made room for him.
Somebody made room for him in their life.
And that's what for them is always, always been about making room for people in our lives and in our hearts and in our church.
We talked about two opportunities to be for them.
And we talked about creating room in our church for people because we continue to have full services.
And now 18 months later, even more full services.
And we want to continue to make room for people that when our friends come, we want to have space for them.
We want to have seats for them.
We want to have opportunities for them.
And then we want to create room, more room in our hearts for people.
but this just can't be something that we give to and go, okay, well, like I gave financially and now add some seats, but I'm not really interested in reaching people.
That's not really in my heart.
No, we want our hearts changed and transformed.
And so what I want to do today is for the rest of our time, I want to give you an update as to where things are at because we had four hard initiatives that we wanted to go after
that we wanted to financially fuel in order to be for them, in order to create more room, just like Philip did.
And so for them, where are we at currently?
And what's next?
I want to update you.
You guys ready for an update?
Okay, good.
I hope earlier you're ready.
You can hear me.
We're ready for an update.
Now, initiative number one, when it comes to making more room, open a permanent facility in downtown Aurelia.
We have done that.
We celebrate today.
It's amazing.
Here's the thing we didn't expect.
We have officially been in that building for 12 months and we've just launched an 1158 service to make more space.
So it has grown so quickly.
So we're so excited about that.
So it's been incredible to see.
It is amazing.
It is incredible to see.
The next two initiatives I'm going to update you on together.
Now the first one was to
Open a second worship auditorium and bury for growth.
This room has been quite full at most of our services and we can't make this room any bigger.
And so we said we're going to open a second auditorium in another part of the building, which will have live music and a live host and then the teaching on the screen that we were going to add that second auditorium to make more room for our friends.
And in addition to that, we were going to open a new next generation
student space and we said let's create more space for them and here's actually what the original plan looked like.
This is our current student space that we were going to make a second auditorium and then we're going to move the students over here into this unit.
Now we're really excited about it but there were a couple of challenges with the plan and I want to give you an update on it that we're really excited about.
The challenges were adding this auditorium of about 150
We've already realized that, oh man, that actually might be too small at the rate that we're growing.
Second of all, the student space is gonna be a little smaller, but the biggest challenge, and many of you came to me about this, was like, Jeff, you're not making the lobby any bigger.
How are you gonna add a whole other auditorium and have the same lobby?
Like, I like these people, but not that much that I wanna stand like right against them.
And some of the women were like, you know, there's a lineup in the washroom already after the service, right?
And like you're not adding any washrooms.
This past August, just a couple of months ago, I'm excited to let you know that we're approached by the landlord of this facility.
And they said to us, hey, another unit next to you is coming available.
And if you lease it, you've got 10 days to jump on it.
And if you jump on it, you can grab it and you can lease that unit as well.
And so that's what we did.
And so, yeah.
So you want to see the new plan?
No, there's a new plan.
So this is what the new plan looks like.
So what this is going to mean is our students are actually going to stay here because it's a better room for them.
And we're going to make that room bigger, take out some of the interior walls, renovate that whole space, make this an even better space than they would have had for them.
and then move the second auditorium over to this end.
Now with these two units, this will now see 250 to 275 people.
In addition to that, we're gonna blow this open and extend the lobby all the way across.
So you can still stand close to people you like, but you don't have to stand close to everybody.
So it'll go all the way across, and then we're gonna add some washrooms down here at this end.
And then we've accounted for kid space, realized we need a little bit more in elementary.
So they had 50 kids in their large group room, which is not made for that.
And so we're going to expand this space as well in order to make it bigger.
And so we'll have enough space for students, enough space for kids, and a second auditorium on this side that seats 250 to 275 people.
In fact, I made a list.
What's bigger and better?
Here's the list.
A larger second auditorium.
a new expanded lobby, more washrooms, more student space, and an expanded up-street large group room.
How about that?
Yeah.
So what we've done is we've actually been able to secure some financing so we can get started on this right away, this additional space, and all of it in 2026.
And so we're excited to see all of that move forward this coming year, the student space we're aiming for the spring,
and the second auditorium in lobby were aiming for this coming summer because nobody wants to do construction around Christmas.
So we definitely want to get it done.
So we're super excited about more room to invite your friends.
Now there was a fourth initiative that I'm also excited to share with you about.
It was to multiply our influence with a church multiplication director.
Some of you know that we have a network of churches
that we blow wind in their sails.
They're all churches, Canadian churches that want to reach people.
We resource them, we coach them, we get behind them, and it's been amazing to see all that God has done.
Actually, I'll throw them up here where they all are.
Most of them are in the East here.
It's been amazing to see what God has done.
We've invested in 14 churches, and we're thrilled with the progress as they've grown, as they've reached more people where they are.
But we
also are a part of a network.
We're a part of the irresistible church network.
We have been out of North Point Community Church, Andy Stanley's Church, who you may have heard preach here.
We've been a part of their network since the very beginning, and they have been an incredible gift to us.
And what's happened is their network has really grown.
They were originally North American, and now they're launching global networks, and they're at 250 churches.
And they came to us
and said, hey, we have Canadian churches.
You have Canadian churches.
What if together we approached those churches and launched a brand new network together?
And so they've said, hey, what would it mean for you to launch the irresistible church network, Canada?
And they're willing to resource us and get behind us.
And actually, if you want to get a picture of where their church is there, they're the blue ones.
And there are 94 communities of 30,000 or more across Canada.
And we would love to see an outward-facing church that's looking to reach people in every single one.
And so what we're going to do is we're going to launch the Irresistible Church Network Canada.
It's going to be its own organization.
So our little experiment with our 14 churches is we're going to come its own thing with its own board and its own staff.
And we're going to turn the temperature up
on reaching unchurched people across the entire country, which is going to be incredible to see.
And we're so excited about it.
So you're going to see that rolling out over the course of the next 12 to 24 months, that entire network.
And we're meeting with them now, which is amazing.
So now, some of you are like, OK, this is awesome.
But there was a financial goal to make all this happen where we are on the financial goal.
And so I want to update you on that.
The financial goal was we had 2.95 million that you pledged by the end of 2025.
This coming December, we're eight weeks away above and beyond regular giving.
And you've been amazing in fulfilling your pledges.
And so thank you for that.
We are currently at 2.587 in fulfilled pledges.
So we're just 363,000 away in the last eight weeks.
from hitting our 2.95 million target.
And so if you're here today, and you're wanting, hey, what's next?
And I want to tell you what's next, because if you didn't think your giving makes a difference, I hope you see today, none of this happens without the investment of people sitting in the seats like you.
And second of all, if you didn't think your giving would make a difference, clearly it really would.
We're so close to the goal.
363,000.
away from the finish line.
And so here's what's next.
First of all, complete your for them pledge.
If you haven't yet finished your completion of your pledge, complete it before the end of the year.
Leslie and I are at the tail end of ours, and we had to make some different financial changes to make it happen, but God has showed up for us financially.
It's been an amazing journey for us spiritually.
And so we're looking to complete our pledge by the end of the year, and if you've pledged, we would encourage you to do the same.
Second of all, prayerfully, give to for them to help us finish strong.
So maybe you're here today and you missed out on this.
You would say, well, I wasn't here.
Many of you weren't here.
You were the for them.
And now you're here in the seats.
And now it's time for you to do for them.
And so it's time for you to jump in financially and be a part of this.
There's still time.
If you go to the lobby, there's these brochures you can pick up if you're looking for more detail.
you can go to connectstchurch.com slash four of them and jump in.
If you missed out the first time, this is the time we need you to jump in.
And if you're here today and you're like, well, I fulfilled my pledge, what more could you do to help us to get all the way to the 2.95 million?
We're so close to being there, but it's gonna take all of us to make it happen.
You can go to the website on the screen there and there isn't pledging anymore.
There's only eight weeks left and just make your financial gift by your end.
and we're excited to see what God is going to do.
Is that clear?
Okay, good, good.
So I want to remind you, it's about making room in our facilities, but it's also about making room in our hearts, right?
It's not just about buildings.
In some senses, the buildings are just tools to see the people across Simcoe County reach, the people who matter to you and matter to me.
And I really want to ask you the question, who are you for?
That is the other question to be asked here.
Who are the people you're praying for?
Who are the people who matter to you?
You might have seen these.
These are prayer pieces that are sitting in both our lobbies.
This one's in a really on this one's in Berry.
And these are made up of puzzle pieces.
And every single piece has the name on it of someone who is for someone else, someone who they're praying for, someone who they're hoping will walk through the doors of these facilities one day.
And I want you to be able to participate in that.
And you're like, how do I do that?
It's already full.
Today you got these cards on your seats with these puzzle pieces.
And before you go today, this is your opportunity to write the name of someone and you can drop it in a basket on the way out.
And we're gonna tape those to the back of these.
So the prayer still, it goes right through, don't worry, goes right through the glass, right to these cards.
And so put the name of someone you care about on this card, drop it in the basket when we sing the last worship song, just take a moment to do that.
and drop it in the basket on the way out.
Because I just want, I want to remind you, I want to remind you that when we share stories like this today, there are stories happening right now in the seats of the people who are sitting right next to you.
Like just a row over from you, right now.
God's meeting somebody right now in the room you're in, in the space you're in, just a row over from you.
That's real.
I got an email from someone who's been coming since the middle of September.
And I just want to give you like one little snippet from it.
It says this.
It says, I'm learning to work through my doubts and place my trust in God.
This person's thanking me for a church.
And I'm beginning to understand that he has a plan for me.
Well, I don't think I've quite heard from him yet.
I've never felt more open.
And I'm truly thankful for the path that's bringing me closer to him.
People are on the journey around you every day.
I've had three weeks where people just walk up to me and they start crying.
And all they say is thank you.
They say thank you.
That's all they can get out.
And then they walk away and I'm like, you're welcome.
And I know what they mean.
They mean they're thankful for you.
They're thankful for this church because of what's happening here.
and you're financially fueling that.
So my message to you today is super simple.
Let's finish this strong for them.
Not for us, not so we can say we reach the goal, not even so people would know the name of connectus, but so people would know the name of Jesus, that the people you care about would know Jesus, that's what this is about.
Let's finish strong for them.
When you go today, if you haven't given financially to this, do it.
Jump in, this is the time.
And drop your puzzle piece on the way out.
We also have this prayer magnet for you to get today with a, has a shape of, if you're like, what is that, that simple county on there?
With a heart at the center of it and a reminder for you, four of them has been a 20 month initiative.
But for them, it's the heartbeat of this church.
It doesn't stop at 20 months.
Truth is, we're just getting started, aren't we?
So let me pray for us as we wrap up today.
God, we come to you today.
We're so grateful for what you've done in our lives, many of us who've met you.
And we don't want to keep that as secret.
We want to share with people and God in a world that's more open than ever.
By keeping us, keep us from being closed-handed, make us open-handed people in a hungry and thirsty world, that we might not hide the food and the everlasting water that we've found spiritually, that we would meet their hunger with it, that we would be bold, and that we would be brave, and that we would have courage with our time.
with our lives, with our finances.
Because at the end of the day, we've only got so many days to point people to you.
God, I pray for those who are writing names on puzzle pieces this morning, people they really care about, people who really matter to them.
And I pray that they would know that those same people matter to you.
And I pray that they would know that they matter to us, that they would know.
that your spirit is working in present and that we would listen and make room for the people they care about.
God, as we choose opiates, we know you promise that you'll be faithful and we pray this in your name.